Back in our project I'm in our route indexed view file sody index W-4.
You can find directly in the pages folder.
There we have our post list now.
We do actually use that post list and a couple of other places too.
And we will edit it step by step in all these places.
But right now let's focus on this one in our root index the view file.
Now thus far if we have a look at the post list component we of course see that in the end we just get
some hard coded posts previous snippets in here and this is not really the purpose of this post list
is it.
We don't want to have hardcoded values in there instead.
A better use case would be if the post list would accept a list of guess what posts and then we would
simply loop through dead last year and that list of posts on the average hand is provided by which ever
a component or a page includes this post list component.
Let's get there.
Let's start by removing the post review components in the post list component so that we only got one.
This will be the one that will loob Frew and for that I need to get some data from the outside.
So besides D is admin property we're expecting.
Let's all accept a post's property now here.
The type would be array lets say because you want to loop through the posts and we absolutely require
that.
So it is a required property because we can't render any previous without getting posts.
Then this component would be pretty useless.
So we get a list of posts in this post property.
Hence we can go to our post preview and use the for the before directive to loop Fruita posts.
We can store the post of each iteration in a variable named post of posts or in posts both syntax work
and what that loop through all the posts we get in this property.
Now if we have a we for loop we always need to bind the key that is required by the nucleus.
So this key special property which allows you to efficiently manage our list behind the scenes and we
binded to let's say post ID.
Now with that we already see how we can access our posts for each iteration.
And of course I don't just want to bind that key.
I also want to bind that Id parameter which is important for routing.
Here I also want to bind to post ID.
Now regarding the thumbnail here I want to bind dared to post thumbnail So host thumbnail lets say and
the title obviously should also be bound to.
In this case then post title like this and finally the same for the preview text of course does all
that should be coming from an object forgetting post preview text maybe with that we got a reusable
post list component that simply creates as many post preview components as needed.
Per this post we're getting.
So we just tonsured dead.
We are getting one.
So let's go back to the index the view fault in the pages folder.
Here we have the post list and now we need to provide dead posts property which we just added inside
of that component.
Now of course what we can do is we can add the normal data method and return our object where we have
all loaded posts let's say which could be an array of javascript objects that have all these fields
were extracting inside the post list component.
So an ID field thumbnail field a title field in a review text field.
Let's add a couple of these so let's add one with ID one where we also then have our title which could
be first post let's then add our preview text here which could be this is our first post and that's
all to add a thumbnail.
And here we can grab the link.
We're already using it our parts of the application.
Like in our admin post ID area here.
I still have to addling So let's grab it from there.
And actually we're pretty close to creating such an object admen content.
These are fields we might need to add later but let's create this basic object for now.
And what that does is one loaded post and desiré.
No let's simply add a second one with ID to where we maybe say second post and creative as we are we
say this is our second post so that we can tell the difference.
With that let's go up a bit and it template.
We now need to pass these posts which we just stored in loaded posts to the post list.
So let's set up a dynamic binding by adding a colon and passing loaded posts to post list should now
do the trick.
Make sure to save that file and reload the page.
And now we're getting close.
It's working but we get the property validation error from the post preview because we expect the ID
to be a string but it is a number.
So let's quickly kind of to a number.
Simply a string use me by wrapping the numbers with quotation marks.
And with that if we reload the page.
This is now working and we can load posts again.
And with that we are working with data of course.
Still hard coded data but now it's not that big of a step to awls imagine that this would be loaded
dynamically.
Now let's dive into how we could load this dynamically in the next lecture.